Prominent brain nodes for individual identification are unlike across different datasets and brain atlases
	Introduction 
Connectome fingerprinting using resting-state functional connectivity (RSFC) provides an important avenue to study the individual difference in human brain (Mantwill, Gell, Krohn, & Finke, 2022).Previous studies have explored the spatial and temporal characteristics of RSFC-based individual identification (Finn et al., 2015; Van De Ville, Farouj, Preti, Liégeois, & Amico, 2021). However, the spatial distribution of discriminative nodes across multiple datasets and among different brain atlases are still unknown, which are accomplished in the current study.
 
Methods
In this study, 380 subjects from different families in the HCP dataset (Van Essen et al., 2012), 200 subjects from the AOMIC dataset (Snoek et al., 2021), and 219 subjects from the LEMON dataset (Babayan et al., 2019) were included. After the preprocessing of resting-state fMRI data, RSFC were respectively extracted from Brainnetome 246 and Schaefer 400 atlas. To sort the importance of each node in individual identification, the discriminative ability of node was quantified by ‘differential identifiability’, which measures the difference between the average within-subject similarity and the average between-subjects similarity (Amico & Goñi, 2018). The individual identification accuracy was achieved on the sorted nodes with a stepwise increasing manner. After that, the spatial similarity of the minimal nodes that attained to a 90% identification accuracy across different datasets and different brain atlases were conducted. At last, concerning the time series length in different datasets were not identical, the effect of time series length on the identification accuracy was also compared on RSFC generated by Brainnetome 246 atlas.

Results
In all data sets, selecting only a few discriminative nodes can achieve better individual identification performance than using the whole brain (fig1.a). When the time points are less than 400, the identification accuracy is significantly improved with the time series length. When the time points are more than 400, the identification accuracy isn’t obviously enhanced with the time series length (fig1.b). More discriminative nodes can be found in Schaefer atlas than in Brainnetome atlas on all three datasets, while the discriminative nodes within each dataset are not very similar (fig2.a). Furthermore, the spatial similarity of discriminative nodes between  HCP and LEMON datasets under the same atlas is high than other dataset pairs (fig 2. b), and one possible explanation is that AOMIC datasets collected fewer time series than while  HCP and LEMON, which is consistent with the previous finding that the discriminative nodes were dependent on the temporality of RSFC.(Van De Ville, Farouj, Preti, Liégeois, & Amico, 2021) 

Conclusions
The findings of the study suggest that although RSFC could achieve high individual identification accuracy, the corresponding discriminative nodes across different datasets and different atlases are not kept the same, which may shed light on the future individualized brain-behavior prediction study.
